Expressions.md, before:

```
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2017/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2018") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2018/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2019/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2020/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2021/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2022/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2023/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2024/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/admin/index.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/blog") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/blog/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/cms") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/cms/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/media") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/media/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/news/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/shop") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/shop/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/side") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/site/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/sito") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/sito/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-admin") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-includes") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-login.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp1") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp1/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp2") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp2/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/xmlrpc.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/xmlrpc.php?rsd") or
(http.user_agent eq "Chrome/88.0.4240.193") or
(http.user_agent eq "Knights%20of%20Degen/4 CFNetwork/1402.0.8 Darwin/22.1.0") or
(http.user_agent eq "wp_is_mobile")
```

Commit message:

Add (http.user_agent eq "Knights%20of%20Degen/4 CFNetwork/1402.0.8 Darwin/22.2.0")

Expressions.md, after:

```
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2017/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2018") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2018/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2019/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2020/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2021/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2022/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2023/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/2024/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/admin/index.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/blog") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/blog/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/cms") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/cms/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/media") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/media/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/news/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/shop") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/shop/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/side") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/site/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/sito") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/sito/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-admin") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-includes") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp-login.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp1") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp1/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp2") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/wp2/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/xmlrpc.php") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/xmlrpc.php?rsd") or
(http.user_agent eq "Chrome/88.0.4240.193") or
(http.user_agent eq "Knights%20of%20Degen/4 CFNetwork/1402.0.8 Darwin/22.1.0") or
(http.user_agent eq "Knights%20of%20Degen/4 CFNetwork/1402.0.8 Darwin/22.2.0") or
(http.user_agent eq "wp_is_mobile")
```
