expressions/main.md, before:

## ⚠️ Important
If any of your subdomains is a CDN, be sure to replace `blocklist.sefinek.net` with your own (e.g., `cdn.yourdomain.com`).

## 🌌 Part 1 - Block unnecessary requests
> **Action:** Block
```
(http.request.uri.path contains ".aspx") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".bashrc") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".bash_history") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".DS_Store") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".env") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".git") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".htaccess") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".htpasswd") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".idea") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".kube") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".mysql_history") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".php") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".ssh") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".vs") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "//") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/administrator") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/bkp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/cms") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/login.action") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/readme") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/sito") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/user.action") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp-json") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp1") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp2") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~adm") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~sysadm") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~webmaster") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "authorized_keys") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "backup.zip") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "id_rsa") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "phpinfo") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "server.key") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "sftp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "web.config") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-admin") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-content") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-includes") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/.cache") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/config.json") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/dbadmin") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/feed") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/git") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/ssh") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/www-sql") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/~ftp") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/~tmp") or
(http.user_agent eq "" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "apache-httpclient") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ipconfig") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "knights%20of%20degen") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wlwmanifest") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wp_is_mobile")
```

## 🗑️ Part 2 - Deprecated browsers
> **Action:** Interactive Challenge
```
(http.user_agent contains "Android 7" and not http.user_agent contains "Google-Read-Aloud;") or
(http.user_agent contains "chrome/108.0.0.0 mobile") or
(http.user_agent contains "Chrome/70" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent contains "Chrome/74" and not http.user_agent contains "Better Uptime Bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 4") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 8") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 9") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/17") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/33") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/34") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/35") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/36") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/37") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/41") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/42") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/44") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/49") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/52") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/58") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/60") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/64") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/65") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/69") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/77") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/78") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/79") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/80") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/81") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/83") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/84") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/85") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/87") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/88") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/89") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/91") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/92") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/93") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/94") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/95") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/96") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/98") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "crios/121") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "dalvik") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "edg/101") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "edg/96") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "embeddedbrowser") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/52") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/57") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/76") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/77") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/79") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/83") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "html5plus") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mac os x 10_15_6") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mac os x 10_9_2") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "netfront") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "symbianos") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ucbrowser") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 5.1" and not http.user_agent contains "mozilla/5.0 (windows nt 5.1; rv:11.0) gecko firefox/11.0 (via ggpht.com googleimageproxy)") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 6.1") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 6.3") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wow64")
```

## 🤖 Part 3 - Block unnecessary bots
> **Action:** Block
```
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "adbeat") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "admantx") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ahrefsbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "appinsights") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "aspiegelbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "awariosmartbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "barkrowler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "blexbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bomborabot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "buck") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bvbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bytespider") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ccbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "censysinspect") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "checkhost") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "cincraw") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "claudebot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "clickagy") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "cocolyzebot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "criteobot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "df bot 1.0") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "domainstatsbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "domcopbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "dotbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "embed.ly") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "friendlycrawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "grapeshotcrawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "gulperbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "httrack") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ias_crawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "internet-structure-research-project-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ioncrawl") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "keys-so-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "linguee") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "linkfluence") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "magpie-crawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mediatoolkitbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "megaindex") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mj12bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "nimbostratus") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "omgili") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "onalyticabot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "panscient.com") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "petalbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "proximic") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "pubmatic crawler bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "riddler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "rogerbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sbl-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "seekport") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "semantic-visions") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "semanticbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "serpstatbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sogou") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sqlmap") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "traackr") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "trendictionbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ttd-content") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "voluumdsp") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wc-test-dev-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "webtechbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "whatcms") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "zgrab")
```

## 🌍 Part 4 - Block bots, AS Num or IP
> **Action:** Block
```
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 1101) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 200651) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 205100) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 208323) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 210630) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 37963) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 399486) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 55960) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 60729) or
(ip.src eq 102.22.20.58) or
(ip.src eq 102.68.128.195) or
(ip.src eq 103.106.114.106) or
(ip.src eq 103.151.30.155) or
(ip.src eq 103.153.134.22) or
(ip.src eq 103.156.70.38) or
(ip.src eq 103.165.155.254) or
(ip.src eq 103.169.129.4) or
(ip.src eq 103.169.254.9) or
(ip.src eq 103.171.156.218) or
(ip.src eq 103.177.9.104) or
(ip.src eq 103.188.252.66) or
(ip.src eq 103.208.27.214) or
(ip.src eq 103.24.213.118) or
(ip.src eq 103.242.104.182) or
(ip.src eq 103.250.130.104) or
(ip.src eq 103.46.4.7) or
(ip.src eq 103.6.177.174) or
(ip.src eq 103.68.214.97) or
(ip.src eq 104.196.252.127) or
(ip.src eq 109.202.99.46) or
(ip.src eq 113.164.94.137) or
(ip.src eq 114.129.2.82) or
(ip.src eq 114.132.202.246) or
(ip.src eq 114.132.202.78) or
(ip.src eq 115.127.116.242) or
(ip.src eq 118.101.56.156) or
(ip.src eq 12.127.44.138) or
(ip.src eq 120.28.217.209) or
(ip.src eq 122.155.165.191) or
(ip.src eq 122.185.198.242) or
(ip.src eq 124.158.182.34) or
(ip.src eq 125.25.56.164) or
(ip.src eq 132.147.137.52) or
(ip.src eq 138.121.161.84) or
(ip.src eq 139.99.8.91) or
(ip.src eq 143.255.80.134) or
(ip.src eq 148.230.206.229) or
(ip.src eq 152.32.213.18) or
(ip.src eq 161.49.215.28) or
(ip.src eq 165.16.88.161) or
(ip.src eq 167.99.55.197) or
(ip.src eq 168.232.174.43) or
(ip.src eq 172.183.241.1) or
(ip.src eq 175.100.91.212) or
(ip.src eq 175.22.148.13) or
(ip.src eq 177.130.104.106) or
(ip.src eq 177.234.240.123) or
(ip.src eq 177.54.226.50) or
(ip.src eq 177.70.72.103) or
(ip.src eq 177.87.144.122) or
(ip.src eq 179.1.192.5) or
(ip.src eq 179.43.188.122) or
(ip.src eq 179.49.162.133) or
(ip.src eq 180.211.183.2) or
(ip.src eq 180.31.234.71) or
(ip.src eq 184.72.145.180) or
(ip.src eq 184.82.244.173) or
(ip.src eq 185.255.45.241) or
(ip.src eq 187.188.101.205) or
(ip.src eq 187.204.18.213) or
(ip.src eq 188.136.154.43) or
(ip.src eq 189.35.11.247) or
(ip.src eq 189.48.88.204) or
(ip.src eq 190.102.139.146) or
(ip.src eq 190.83.12.220) or
(ip.src eq 190.94.212.198) or
(ip.src eq 190.94.212.240) or
(ip.src eq 191.179.216.84) or
(ip.src eq 191.240.153.144) or
(ip.src eq 191.37.1.155) or
(ip.src eq 193.176.211.244) or
(ip.src eq 194.126.177.84) or
(ip.src eq 194.163.149.123) or
(ip.src eq 199.167.236.12) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.136) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.144) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.222) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.224) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.92) or
(ip.src eq 2001:bc8:182c:1005::1) or
(ip.src eq 201.131.239.233) or
(ip.src eq 201.77.128.158) or
(ip.src eq 201.77.96.149) or
(ip.src eq 202.47.181.150) or
(ip.src eq 202.47.88.2) or
(ip.src eq 202.62.84.210) or
(ip.src eq 205.185.125.235) or
(ip.src eq 209.209.28.22) or
(ip.src eq 212.174.79.169) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.230) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.232) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.234) or
(ip.src eq 216.87.69.230) or
(ip.src eq 216.9.224.141) or
(ip.src eq 217.182.194.108) or
(ip.src eq 24.172.34.114) or
(ip.src eq 2400:e920:0:8:250:56ff:fe94:474e) or
(ip.src eq 2a01:239:2d0:bc00::1) or
(ip.src eq 34.105.123.106) or
(ip.src eq 34.105.60.137) or
(ip.src eq 34.83.15.88) or
(ip.src eq 34.83.51.218) or
(ip.src eq 34.92.250.88) or
(ip.src eq 36.182.49.26) or
(ip.src eq 36.255.84.69) or
(ip.src eq 36.91.135.141) or
(ip.src eq 36.95.142.35) or
(ip.src eq 37.120.192.154) or
(ip.src eq 4.227.97.45) or
(ip.src eq 43.134.1.40) or
(ip.src eq 43.134.121.40) or
(ip.src eq 43.153.207.93) or
(ip.src eq 45.164.174.27) or
(ip.src eq 45.227.195.121) or
(ip.src eq 45.231.223.252) or
(ip.src eq 45.236.170.234) or
(ip.src eq 45.70.236.150) or
(ip.src eq 46.161.196.222) or
(ip.src eq 46.2.5.84) or
(ip.src eq 47.106.193.183) or
(ip.src eq 47.51.30.226) or
(ip.src eq 51.145.176.250) or
(ip.src eq 52.169.23.0) or
(ip.src eq 52.178.159.39) or
(ip.src eq 91.215.85.29) or
(ip.src eq 94.179.141.78)
```


<div align="right">
    <br>
    <h4>📥 » Last changes: 16.08.2024 [DD.MM.YYYY]</h4>
</div>

Commit message:

and http.host ne "api.sefinek.net"

expressions/main.md, after:

## ⚠️ Important
If any of your subdomains is a CDN, be sure to replace `blocklist.sefinek.net` and `api.sefinek.net` with your own (e.g., `cdn.yourdomain.com`).

## 🌌 Part 1 - Block unnecessary requests
> **Action:** Block
```
(http.request.uri.path contains ".aspx") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".bashrc") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".bash_history") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".DS_Store") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".env") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".git") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".htaccess") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".htpasswd") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".idea") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".kube") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".mysql_history") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".php") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".ssh") or
(http.request.uri.path contains ".vs") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "//") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/administrator") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/bkp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/cms") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/login.action") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/readme") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/sito") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/user.action") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp-json") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp1") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/wp2") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~adm") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~sysadm") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "/~webmaster") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "authorized_keys") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "backup.zip") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "id_rsa") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "phpinfo") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "server.key") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "sftp") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "web.config") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wordpress") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-admin") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-content") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "wp-includes") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/.cache") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/config.json") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/dbadmin") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/feed") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/git") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/ssh") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/test") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/web") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/website") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/www-sql") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/~ftp") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/~tmp") or
(http.user_agent eq "" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "apache-httpclient") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ipconfig") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "knights%20of%20degen") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wlwmanifest") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wp_is_mobile")
```

## 🗑️ Part 2 - Deprecated browsers
> **Action:** Interactive Challenge
```
(http.user_agent contains "Android 7" and not http.user_agent contains "Google-Read-Aloud;") or
(http.user_agent contains "chrome/108.0.0.0 mobile") or
(http.user_agent contains "Chrome/70" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent contains "Chrome/74" and not http.user_agent contains "Better Uptime Bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 4") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 8" and http.host ne "api.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "android 9" and http.host ne "api.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/17") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/33") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/34") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/35") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/36") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/37") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/41") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/42") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/44") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/49") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/52") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/58") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/60") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/64") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/65") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/69") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/77") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/78") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/79") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/80") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/81") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/83") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/84") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/85") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/87" and http.host ne "api.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/88") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/89") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/91" and http.host ne "api.sefinek.net") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/92") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/93") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/94") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/95") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/96") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "chrome/98") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "crios/121") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "dalvik") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "edg/101") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "edg/96") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "embeddedbrowser") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/52") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/57") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/76") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/77") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/79") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "firefox/83") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "html5plus") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mac os x 10_15_6") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mac os x 10_9_2") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "netfront") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "symbianos") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ucbrowser") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 5.1" and not http.user_agent contains "mozilla/5.0 (windows nt 5.1; rv:11.0) gecko firefox/11.0 (via ggpht.com googleimageproxy)") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 6.1") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "windows nt 6.3") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wow64")
```

## 🤖 Part 3 - Block unnecessary bots
> **Action:** Block
```
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "adbeat") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "admantx") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ahrefsbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "appinsights") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "aspiegelbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "awariosmartbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "barkrowler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "blexbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bomborabot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "buck") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bvbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "bytespider") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ccbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "censysinspect") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "checkhost") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "cincraw") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "claudebot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "clickagy") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "cocolyzebot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "criteobot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "df bot 1.0") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "domainstatsbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "domcopbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "dotbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "embed.ly") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "friendlycrawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "grapeshotcrawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "gulperbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "httrack") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ias_crawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "internet-structure-research-project-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ioncrawl") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "keys-so-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "linguee") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "linkfluence") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "magpie-crawler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mediatoolkitbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "megaindex") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "mj12bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "nimbostratus") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "omgili") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "onalyticabot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "panscient.com") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "petalbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "proximic") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "pubmatic crawler bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "riddler") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "rogerbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sbl-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "seekport") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "semantic-visions") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "semanticbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "serpstatbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sogou") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "sqlmap") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "traackr") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "trendictionbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "ttd-content") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "voluumdsp") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "wc-test-dev-bot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "webtechbot") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "whatcms") or
(lower(http.user_agent) contains "zgrab")
```

## 🌍 Part 4 - Block bots, AS Num or IP
> **Action:** Block
```
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 1101) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 200651) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 205100) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 208323) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 210630) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 37963) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 399486) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 55960) or
(ip.geoip.asnum eq 60729) or
(ip.src eq 102.22.20.58) or
(ip.src eq 102.68.128.195) or
(ip.src eq 103.106.114.106) or
(ip.src eq 103.151.30.155) or
(ip.src eq 103.153.134.22) or
(ip.src eq 103.156.70.38) or
(ip.src eq 103.165.155.254) or
(ip.src eq 103.169.129.4) or
(ip.src eq 103.169.254.9) or
(ip.src eq 103.171.156.218) or
(ip.src eq 103.177.9.104) or
(ip.src eq 103.188.252.66) or
(ip.src eq 103.208.27.214) or
(ip.src eq 103.24.213.118) or
(ip.src eq 103.242.104.182) or
(ip.src eq 103.250.130.104) or
(ip.src eq 103.46.4.7) or
(ip.src eq 103.6.177.174) or
(ip.src eq 103.68.214.97) or
(ip.src eq 104.196.252.127) or
(ip.src eq 109.202.99.46) or
(ip.src eq 113.164.94.137) or
(ip.src eq 114.129.2.82) or
(ip.src eq 114.132.202.246) or
(ip.src eq 114.132.202.78) or
(ip.src eq 115.127.116.242) or
(ip.src eq 118.101.56.156) or
(ip.src eq 12.127.44.138) or
(ip.src eq 120.28.217.209) or
(ip.src eq 122.155.165.191) or
(ip.src eq 122.185.198.242) or
(ip.src eq 124.158.182.34) or
(ip.src eq 125.25.56.164) or
(ip.src eq 132.147.137.52) or
(ip.src eq 138.121.161.84) or
(ip.src eq 139.99.8.91) or
(ip.src eq 143.255.80.134) or
(ip.src eq 148.230.206.229) or
(ip.src eq 152.32.213.18) or
(ip.src eq 161.49.215.28) or
(ip.src eq 165.16.88.161) or
(ip.src eq 167.99.55.197) or
(ip.src eq 168.232.174.43) or
(ip.src eq 172.183.241.1) or
(ip.src eq 175.100.91.212) or
(ip.src eq 175.22.148.13) or
(ip.src eq 177.130.104.106) or
(ip.src eq 177.234.240.123) or
(ip.src eq 177.54.226.50) or
(ip.src eq 177.70.72.103) or
(ip.src eq 177.87.144.122) or
(ip.src eq 179.1.192.5) or
(ip.src eq 179.43.188.122) or
(ip.src eq 179.49.162.133) or
(ip.src eq 180.211.183.2) or
(ip.src eq 180.31.234.71) or
(ip.src eq 184.72.145.180) or
(ip.src eq 184.82.244.173) or
(ip.src eq 185.255.45.241) or
(ip.src eq 187.188.101.205) or
(ip.src eq 187.204.18.213) or
(ip.src eq 188.136.154.43) or
(ip.src eq 189.35.11.247) or
(ip.src eq 189.48.88.204) or
(ip.src eq 190.102.139.146) or
(ip.src eq 190.83.12.220) or
(ip.src eq 190.94.212.198) or
(ip.src eq 190.94.212.240) or
(ip.src eq 191.179.216.84) or
(ip.src eq 191.240.153.144) or
(ip.src eq 191.37.1.155) or
(ip.src eq 193.176.211.244) or
(ip.src eq 194.126.177.84) or
(ip.src eq 194.163.149.123) or
(ip.src eq 199.167.236.12) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.136) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.144) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.222) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.224) or
(ip.src eq 200.174.198.92) or
(ip.src eq 2001:bc8:182c:1005::1) or
(ip.src eq 201.131.239.233) or
(ip.src eq 201.77.128.158) or
(ip.src eq 201.77.96.149) or
(ip.src eq 202.47.181.150) or
(ip.src eq 202.47.88.2) or
(ip.src eq 202.62.84.210) or
(ip.src eq 205.185.125.235) or
(ip.src eq 209.209.28.22) or
(ip.src eq 212.174.79.169) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.230) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.232) or
(ip.src eq 213.232.87.234) or
(ip.src eq 216.87.69.230) or
(ip.src eq 216.9.224.141) or
(ip.src eq 217.182.194.108) or
(ip.src eq 24.172.34.114) or
(ip.src eq 2400:e920:0:8:250:56ff:fe94:474e) or
(ip.src eq 2a01:239:2d0:bc00::1) or
(ip.src eq 34.105.123.106) or
(ip.src eq 34.105.60.137) or
(ip.src eq 34.83.15.88) or
(ip.src eq 34.83.51.218) or
(ip.src eq 34.92.250.88) or
(ip.src eq 36.182.49.26) or
(ip.src eq 36.255.84.69) or
(ip.src eq 36.91.135.141) or
(ip.src eq 36.95.142.35) or
(ip.src eq 37.120.192.154) or
(ip.src eq 4.227.97.45) or
(ip.src eq 43.134.1.40) or
(ip.src eq 43.134.121.40) or
(ip.src eq 43.153.207.93) or
(ip.src eq 45.164.174.27) or
(ip.src eq 45.227.195.121) or
(ip.src eq 45.231.223.252) or
(ip.src eq 45.236.170.234) or
(ip.src eq 45.70.236.150) or
(ip.src eq 46.161.196.222) or
(ip.src eq 46.2.5.84) or
(ip.src eq 47.106.193.183) or
(ip.src eq 47.51.30.226) or
(ip.src eq 51.145.176.250) or
(ip.src eq 52.169.23.0) or
(ip.src eq 52.178.159.39) or
(ip.src eq 91.215.85.29) or
(ip.src eq 94.179.141.78)
```


<div align="right">
    <br>
    <h4>📥 » Last changes: 16.08.2024 [DD.MM.YYYY]</h4>
</div>
